Makefile :
   Lists all programs and dependencies.
   usage : make [destination] -k

blobit :
   Converts a 3D-float image into blobs by
	1. determining outer voxels that lie above a threshhold
	2. generating an ascii-printout of povray spheres
	   that are displaced into z-direction by linear
	   weighting the z-position with the surrounding
	   pixels in z-direction
   alternative : A voxelbased algorithm to conversion of
   thresholded voxels to surfaces in VRML.

chromshift :
    Reads in ascii-files and determines chromatic shifts.

cmpvecs :
    compares two binary vectors and generates difference vectors
    of second file SORTED to the nearest vector in the first file.
    Also the corresponding euclidean distances are generated.
 
confocrec,axialrec :
    Calculates ML-Deconvolution of 3D (or 2D) images by using a
    PSF and the maximum likelihood algorithm.
    
confospot :
    Calculates ML based position of targets of known structure.

confospotsim :
    Generates simulated spots and localizes them with the
    "confospot" algorithm.

corellator :
    Corellates an image with another image and shifts it into the
    position of this image by FFT-algorithm. Optionally the intensity
    and ofset of the image can also be scaled. This two parameters are
    independently determined by analysis of 0-frequency and high-frequency
    content of the image.

ctreal :
    Computes CT-backtransformation by using the ML-algorithm. Calculation can
    be done with missing data (from limited angles).

fliptoreal :
    Takes a complex 3D-image and multiplies it with a complex number(of absolute value 1), 
    such that the zero frequency is a real number.

floatfft :
    Calculates a very fast FFT using the fftw algorithm. It is capable of transforming even
    odd-size arrays. The user can choose to transform real-complex or complex-real of complex-complex.

forall :
    A program that executes a given command with %d's in it for a sequence of numbers.
    The command is executed by "system" call.

genbeads :
    Generates evenly random distributed beads inside an ellypsoidal region by using a given PSF.

genplanewave :
    Generates a complex plane wave in fourier- or realspace.

genwave :
    Generates a complex spherical wave in fourier or realspace. Aberrations by one plane with refractive index
    changes can also be simulated.

genwinnie :
    Generates a testpattern (winniepeg structure) in a 3D-float image.

gplot :
    Generates a script-file that can be executed in gnuplot. 1D- (y- or x-y) or 2D- data can be handled.
    Up to 3 files can be handled stacked in element-direction.
    Gnuplot can be called directly. Postscript is also accessible.

label :
    A threshhold based labelling algorithm. The output is an image with labeled pixels and a vector file and
    ascii-output. The position (3D) and intensity and standart deviation with (gaussian model) are determined.

poissit :
    Generates Poisson-distributed noise in an image. Each voxel is taken to be the expectation value for applied
    poisson-noise.

rescale :
    Allows rescaling and shifting of floet images by using two different algorithms.
	1. Based on trilinear interpolation in source and destination image (Trapezial interpolation)
	2. Based on Fourier transformation and shifting and appending/deleting voxels.
           This is not garanteed to scale to exactly the required scale and can result in some negative
           intensities.



scanline :
    Performs a linescan in an image (3D). The number of points per voxel can be choosen.
    The algorithm uses trilinear interpolation.

shear :
    Shears an image by a factor along xy-direction.

tcs2raw :
    Converts Leika-TCS-export format images into khoros or raw-format.

veccalc :
    Tests the calculation for matching 3 Vectors in 3D.

window :
    Applies a variiety of widows to float images. One can choose between:
	1. Gaussian
	2. Linear
	3. Hard Edge
	4. Sinusoidal
	5. near Gaussian Window (inf. continous, differentiable)
    with either
	1. Circular
	2. Rectangular border
    The inner and outer border can be chooses independantly


raw24col :
    Can convert CCD images from colr CCD to 3 different single color images.
    using -i it is possible to do interpolation allining the different colors.
    The color has to by Cy, Ye
                        Mg, Gr  and so on.

All algorithms allow input of KDF-files (-k) or raw-files.
